acme.sh-dns: add page; acme.sh: remove example (#5852)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/acme.sh-dns.md

# acme.sh --dns

> > Use a DNS-01 challenge to issue a certificate.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Use a DNS-01 challenge to issue a TLS certificate.
```

> > DNS API mode documentation: <https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh/wiki/dnsapi>.
> > More information: <https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh/wiki/DNS-manual-mode>.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if we should use two seperate links for that. What do you think about:
```suggestion
> More information: <https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh/wiki>.
```

Reviewer 2: I just saw that `acme.sh.md` uses `https://github.com/acmesh-official/acme.sh`. I'm not sure if we should prefer the wiki or the Readme, but we should at least use the same link for both pages.

Author: But wiki details the DNS mode much better (containing no less than four detailed pages), while the README details the root acme.sh command much better. I am really happy with that as it is.

Reviewer 2: In that case it's fine of course

- Issue a certificate using an automatic DNS API mode:

`acme.sh --issue --dns {{gnd_gd}} --domain {{example.com}}`

- Issue a wildcard certificate (denoted by an asterisk) using an automatic DNS API mode:

> `acme.sh --issue --dns {{dns_namesilo}} --domain {{*.example.com}}`

Reviewer: It's good practice here to also request that the certificate is valid for the root domain. With `certbot`, that would be like so:
```suggestion
`acme.sh --issue --dns {{dns_namesilo}} --domain  {{example.com}} --domain {{*.example.com}}`
```

Does this work for `acme.sh` too?

Author: Of course it does. Multiple domains support is available, I just did not find a place to document it nicely on in https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5823

As a side note, I have a wildcard for subdomains that does not share a certificate with the root domain (not residing on the same VPS), but I agree that is more of an edge case. Combining them both into the one certificate is probably fairly common practice.

Author: Thinking about it a little bit more, I really like this place to mention multiple domain certificate, because of the introduction of a mentioned good practice. 

However, since multiple domains topic is already open, shouldn't there be a mention in the parent as well?

Author: Included via https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/5852/commits/5a7e01531e84ae34d62d2bc76271b6fcf3a2807c

- Issue a certificate using a DNS alias mode:

`acme.sh --issue --dns {{dns_cf}} --domain {{example.com}} --challenge-alias {{alias-for-example-validation.com}}`

> - Issue a certificate while disabling an automatic Cloudflare or Google DNS polling after the DNS record is added by specifying a manual wait time:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Issue a certificate while disabling polling after the DNS record is added by specifying a custom wait time in seconds:
```

Author: It does specifically poll mentioned service providers. Some users consider this behavior a privacy concern. Without mentioning the actual names, it is not really clear what is the purpose. 

What about mentioning the word "privacy" at the very least?

Reviewer: Oh, I see. What about this then?
```suggestion
- Issue a certificate while disabling automatic Cloudflare / Google DNS polling after the DNS record is added by specifying a custom wait time in seconds:
```

> `acme.sh --issue --dns {{dns_namecheap}} --domain {{example.com}} --dnssleep 300`

Reviewer: Missing token syntax?
```suggestion
`acme.sh --issue --dns {{dns_namecheap}} --domain {{example.com}} --dnssleep {{300}}`
```
